Add ValueTask and ConfigureAwait details to "info & advice" (#18527)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/async.md

## Key pieces to understand

* Async code can be used for both I/O-bound and CPU-bound code, but differently for each scenario.
* Async code uses `Task<T>` and `Task`, which are constructs used to model work being done in the background.
* The `async` keyword turns a method into an async method, which allows you to use the `await` keyword in its body.
* When the `await` keyword is applied, it suspends the calling method and yields control back to its caller until the awaited task is complete.
* `await` can only be used inside an async method.

## Recognize CPU-bound and I/O-bound work

The first two examples of this guide showed how you can use `async` and `await` for I/O-bound and CPU-bound work. It's key that you can identify when a job you need to do is I/O-bound or CPU-bound, because it can greatly affect the performance of your code and could potentially lead to misusing certain constructs.

Here are two questions you should ask before you write any code:

1. Will your code be "waiting" for something, such as data from a database?

>   If your answer is "yes", then your work is **I/O-bound**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If your answer is "yes", then your work is **I/O-bound**.
```

Without proper indent, the second item in the list is also numbered as 1.

1. Will your code be performing an expensive computation?

>   If you answered "yes", then your work is **CPU-bound**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you answered "yes", then your work is **CPU-bound**.
```

If the work you have is **I/O-bound**, use `async` and `await` *without* `Task.Run`. You *should not* use the Task Parallel Library. The reason for this is outlined in the [Async in Depth article](../standard/async-in-depth.md).

> If the work you have is **CPU-bound** and you care about responsiveness, use `async` and `await` but spawn off the work on another thread *with* `Task.Run`. If the work is appropriate for concurrency and parallelism, you should also consider using the [Task Parallel Library](../standard/parallel-programming/task-parallel-library-tpl.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the work you have is **CPU-bound** and you care about responsiveness, use `async` and `await`, but spawn off the work on another thread *with* `Task.Run`. If the work is appropriate for concurrency and parallelism, also consider using the [Task Parallel Library](../standard/parallel-programming/task-parallel-library-tpl.md).
```

Additionally, you should always measure the execution of your code. For example, you may find yourself in a situation where your CPU-bound work is not costly enough compared with the overhead of context switches when multithreading. Every choice has its tradeoff, and you should pick the correct tradeoff for your situation.

## More examples

The following examples demonstrate various ways you can write async code in C#. They cover a few different scenarios you may come across.

> ### Extracting data from a network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extract data from a network
```

> This snippet downloads the HTML from the homepage at <https://dotnetfoundation.org> and counts the number of times the string ".NET" occurs in the HTML. It uses ASP.NET to define a Web API controller method, which performs this task, returning the number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This snippet downloads the HTML from the homepage at <https://dotnetfoundation.org> and counts the number of times the string ".NET" occurs in the HTML. It uses ASP.NET to define a Web API controller method, which performs this task and returns the number.
```

Reviewer: I haven't seen angle brackets used for links like that. What is the purpose?

Author: It treats it as a link, simplifies it. They were wrong, since the `www.` isn't needed with this site and redirects anyways. So rather than updating it, I simplified it.

}
```

> ### Waiting for multiple tasks to complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Wait for multiple tasks to complete
```

> You may find yourself in a situation where you need to retrieve multiple pieces of data concurrently. The `Task` API contains two methods, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WhenAll%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WhenAny%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> that allow you to write asynchronous code, which performs a non-blocking wait on multiple background jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find yourself in a situation where you need to retrieve multiple pieces of data concurrently. The `Task` API contains two methods, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WhenAll%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WhenAny%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, that allow you to write asynchronous code that performs a non-blocking wait on multiple background jobs.
```

}
```

Although it's less code, take care when mixing LINQ with asynchronous code. Because LINQ uses deferred (lazy) execution, async calls won't happen immediately as they do in a `foreach` loop unless you force the generated sequence to iterate with a call to `.ToList()` or `.ToArray()`.

## Important info and advice

With async programming there are some details to keep in mind which can prevent unexpected behavior.

* `async` **methods need to have an** `await` **keyword in their body or they will never yield!**

> This is important to keep in mind. If `await` is not used in the body of an `async` method, the C# compiler generates a warning, but the code compiles and runs as if it were a normal method. This is incredibly inefficient, as the state machine generated by the C# compiler for the async method is not accomplishing anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is important to keep in mind. If `await` is not used in the body of an `async` method, the C# compiler generates a warning, but the code compiles and runs as if it were a normal method. This is incredibly inefficient, as the state machine generated by the C# compiler for the async method is not accomplishing anything.
```

I would apply the same indentation to all the bullet points so the text aligns better.

> This is important to keep in mind. If `await` is not used in the body of an `async` method, the C# compiler will generate a warning, but the code will compile and run as if it were a normal method. Note that this would also be incredibly inefficient, as the state machine generated by the C# compiler for the async method would not be accomplishing anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is important to keep in mind. If `await` is not used in the body of an `async` method, the C# compiler generates a warning, but the code compiles and runs as if it were a normal method. This is incredibly inefficient, as the state machine generated by the C# compiler for the async method is not accomplishing anything.
```

* **You should add "Async" as the suffix of every async method name you write.**

> This is the convention used in .NET to more-easily differentiate synchronous and asynchronous methods. Certain methods that aren't explicitly called by your code (such as event handlers or web controller methods) don't necessarily apply. Because they are not explicitly called by your code, being explicit about their naming isn't as important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the convention used in .NET to more easily differentiate synchronous and asynchronous methods. Certain methods that aren't explicitly called by your code (such as event handlers or web controller methods) don't necessarily apply. Because they are not explicitly called by your code, being explicit about their naming isn't as important.
```

> * `async void` **is only to be used for event handlers.**

Reviewer: Why did you change the wording here? I think should is clearer.

Author: Acrolinx didn't like "should", I'll change it back.

`async void` is the only way to allow asynchronous event handlers to work because events do not have return types (thus cannot make use of `Task` and `Task<T>`). Any other use of `async void` does not follow the TAP model and can be challenging to use, such as:

* Exceptions thrown in an `async void` method can't be caught outside of that method.
* `async void` methods are difficult to test.
* `async void` methods can cause bad side effects if the caller isn't expecting them to be async.

* **Tread carefully when using async lambdas in LINQ expressions**

Lambda expressions in LINQ use deferred execution, meaning code could end up executing at a time when you're not expecting it to. The introduction of blocking tasks into this can easily result in a deadlock if not written correctly. Additionally, the nesting of asynchronous code like this can also make it more difficult to reason about the execution of the code. Async and LINQ are powerful, but should be used together as carefully and clearly as possible.

* **Write code that awaits Tasks in a non-blocking manner**

> Blocking the current thread as a means to wait for a `Task` to complete can result in deadlocks and blocked context threads, and can require more complex error-handling. The following table provides guidance on how to deal with waiting for Tasks in a non-blocking way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocking the current thread as a means to wait for a `Task` to complete can result in deadlocks and blocked context threads, and can require more complex error-handling. The following table provides guidance on how to deal with waiting for tasks in a non-blocking way:
```

> | Use this...          | Instead of this...           | When wishing to do this                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this...          | Instead of this...           | When wishing to do this...                    |
```

Just to be consistent.

|----------------------|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| `await`              | `Task.Wait` or `Task.Result` | Retrieving the result of a background task |
| `await Task.WhenAny` | `Task.WaitAny`               | Waiting for any task to complete           |
| `await Task.WhenAll` | `Task.WaitAll`               | Waiting for all tasks to complete          |
| `await Task.Delay`   | `Thread.Sleep`               | Waiting for a period of time               |

* **Consider using** `ValueTask` **where possible**

> Returning a `Task` object from async methods can introduce performance bottlenecks in certain paths. `Task` is a reference type, so using it means allocating an object. In cases where a method declared with the `async` modifier returns a cached result, or completes synchronously, the extra allocations can become a significant time cost in performance critical sections of code. It can become costly if those allocations occur in tight loops. For more information, see [generalized async return types](whats-new/csharp-7.md#generalized-async-return-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returning a `Task` object from async methods can introduce performance bottlenecks in certain paths. `Task` is a reference type, so using it means allocating an object. In cases where a method declared with the `async` modifier returns a cached result or completes synchronously, the extra allocations can become a significant time cost in performance critical sections of code. It can become costly if those allocations occur in tight loops. For more information, see [generalized async return types](whats-new/csharp-7.md#generalized-async-return-types).
```

* **Consider using** `ConfigureAwait(false)`

> A common question is, "when should I use the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.ConfigureAwait(System.Boolean)?displayProperty=nameWithType> method?". The method allows for a `Task` instance to configure its awaiter. This is an important consideration and setting incorrectly could potentially have performance implications and even deadlocks. For more information on `ConfigureAwait`, see the [ConfigureAwait FAQ](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/configureawait-faq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common question is, "when should I use the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.ConfigureAwait(System.Boolean)?displayProperty=nameWithType> method?". The method allows for a `Task` instance to configure its awaiter. This is an important consideration and setting it incorrectly could potentially have performance implications and even deadlocks. For more information on `ConfigureAwait`, see the [ConfigureAwait FAQ](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/configureawait-faq).
```
